code/tests/df435i/README.md, before:

## Python version used
Python 3.9 is used. As of 17 Nov 2022, python 3.9 is the latest python version supported by `librealsense`.

## Setup virtual environment
1. install Python 3.9
  - for example for windows, as of 17 Nov 2022, Python 3.9.13 is one you can use
  - ADD TO PATH can be avoided, if another python version is installed
2. get the full path of python.exe where python 3.9 is installed
  - example: `C:\Users\akash\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python39\python.exe`
3. use pip from the same python version to create virtual environment
  - example: `C:\Users\akash\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python39\python.exe -m venv p39_env`
4. optional: inside environment folder create a `.gitignore` file
  - just add `*` to the .gitignore file. If you are using git the environment folder should be ignored.
5. now you can safely use python 3.9 in the virtual environment without conflicting with other python versions installed in your system, if there are 


## Source
- https://dev.intelrealsense.com/docs/python2


## Examples tested
- `working_example1.py`: a normal hand tracking approach with no post-processing. This seems to give issues of frequent inaccurate values, due to depth noise and possible amount of 'holes'.
- `working_example2.py`: better than before and seems like post-processing helps on getting better and more accurate values. Frame rate seems still around 30fps.

Commit message:

d435i: quick refactoring also added test4.py to see depth frame data as well.

code/tests/df435i/README.md, after:

## Python version used
Python 3.9 is used. As of 17 Nov 2022, python 3.9 is the latest python version supported by `librealsense`.

## Setup virtual environment
1. install Python 3.9
  - for example for windows, as of 17 Nov 2022, Python 3.9.13 is one you can use
  - ADD TO PATH can be avoided, if another python version is installed
2. get the full path of python.exe where python 3.9 is installed
  - example: `C:\Users\akash\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python39\python.exe`
3. use pip from the same python version to create virtual environment
  - example: `C:\Users\akash\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python39\python.exe -m venv p39_env`
4. optional: inside environment folder create a `.gitignore` file
  - just add `*` to the .gitignore file. If you are using git the environment folder should be ignored.
5. now you can safely use python 3.9 in the virtual environment without conflicting with other python versions installed in your system, if there are 


## Source
- https://dev.intelrealsense.com/docs/python2


## Examples tested
- `examples/working_example1.py`: a normal hand tracking approach with no post-processing. This seems to give issues of frequent inaccurate values, due to depth noise and possible amount of 'holes'.
- `examples/working_example2.py`: better than before and seems like post-processing helps on getting better and more accurate values. Frame rate seems still around 30fps.
  - `tests/test4.py` can be visited to see also the depth frames before and after processing and alignment.
